Dear Aadil Arsh S R


We are thrilled to extend our heartfelt congratulations to you and your team for making it to the grand finale of the Scale +91 Hackathon! Your exceptional skills, creativity, and dedication have earned you a well-deserved place among the Top 11 teams.


The grand finale is set to take place on 6th, 7th & 8th of March 2024, at the following location:


Venue: YASHOBHOOMI (IICC) in 1C, Sector 25 Dwarka, Bharthal, Delhi

Google Maps Link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/r8qBMdprjuK8fkzt7


Please ensure your team's presence at the venue by 7:00 AM sharp on the 6th of March. Accommodation details for the nights of the 6th and 7th will be provided upon arrival.


NOTE: Accommodation will only be provided for teams traveling outside of the Delhi NCR region.



RSVP FORM

Click Here to RSVP 

This form is only to be filled by Team Leader]

WhatsApp Group Invite

Click Here to Join

All Members of the team


*Team leader to make sure to get everyone added to the team.

Additional Team Details

Click Here to Fill Out

All Members of the team


*Team leader to make sure to get everyone added to the team.


NOTE: 


To confirm your attendance, kindly fill out the RSVP form by Monday noon.

Join our WhatsApp group to stay connected with important updates and announcements.

We kindly request you to fill out the Additional Details form by tomorrow, 3 PM. In this form, you will need to submit your picture (in the specified formats), mention your T-shirt size, and provide your social media handle links.

Organizers will be taking care of the accommodation for participants traveling outside of Delhi NCR for the nights of 6th & 7th March. Traveling expenses are to be covered by individual teams.



Furthermore, we will be hosting a meeting with all finalist teams from 4:00 to 5:00 PM over Google Meet. 


Invitation link: meet.google.com/fnm-qcxa-goi


During this session, we will discuss the agenda for the grand finale in detail.


Plus, if you have any doubts or queries, feel free to contact Simarjit at 8800770236 or email us at support@hack2skill.com.


Thank you once again for your outstanding performance, and we look forward to seeing you at the grand finale!


Best Regards,
Hack2skill

